[dagster-u] [dagster-essentials] - Add Capstone (#16280)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/dagster-university/pages/dagster-essentials/capstone.md

If using NYC OpenData, we recommend using the **311 Service Requests from 2010 to Present** dataset. The data is downloadable as a CSV and you’re welcome to view [details about it here](https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Social-Services/311-Service-Requests-from-2010-to-Present/erm2-nwe9).

Whatever data you decide to use, we choose something that sparks your interest!

You can also continue to use DuckDB if needed.

---

## Project requirements

When building your own project, it should:

- Create a data pipeline using assets
- Try out one of [Dagster’s supported integrations](https://docs.dagster.io/integrations) like dbt, Fivetran, or Airbyte
- Include a resource that connects to a data source or storage
  - We provide out-of-the-box connections to most popular cloud data warehouses. However, you can turn [any Python connection or object into a resource](https://docs.dagster.io/concepts/resources#using-bare-python-objects-as-resources).
  - If you aren’t going to use company data, you can continue using DuckDB.
- Perform some transformations on the data, either using cloud compute or in-memory computations.

>   - If you’re interested in using dbt, check out o[ur dbt integration](https://docs.dagster.io/integrations/dbt/reference#loading-dbt-models-from-a-dbt-project)!

Reviewer: Looks like the bracket train left the hyperlink station a lil early!

```suggestion
  - If you’re interested in using dbt, check out [our dbt integration](https://docs.dagster.io/integrations/dbt/reference#loading-dbt-models-from-a-dbt-project)!
```
